# Changelog

#### Version 2.5.1 (October 31, 2018)
* Added context about the CCL statement being processed to the exceptions thrown from operations in the `v2` parser.

#### Version 2.5.0 (October 14, 2018)
* Added the `Parser#evaluate` method that performs local evaluation of the parsed query on an input dataset.

#### Version 2.4.1 (August 14, 2018)
* Fixed a bug that caused both the `v1` and `v2` parsers to mishandle numeric `String` and `Tag` values. These values were treated as numbers instead of their actual type. This made it possible for queries containing those values to return inaccurate results.

#### Version 2.4.0 (May 21, 2018)
* Added support for escaping special characters in value tokens.
* Added enforcement within the `v2` parser that ensures that the `LINKS_TO` operator is followed by a numeric token.

#### Version 2.3.3 (March 26, 2018)
* Fixed a bug that caused the `v2` parser to fail to parse CCL statements containing operator tokens named after their respective enums (e.g. `LINKS_TO` instead of `lnks2`).

#### Version 2.3.2 (February 1, 2018)
* Fixed a bug that caused the `v2` parser to fail to parse CCL statements containing the `LIKE` and `NOT_LIKE` operators.

#### Version 2.3.1 (January 10, 2018)
* Fixed a bug that caused the `v2` parser to incorrectly tokenize CCL statements that contained unquoted string values containing spaces.

#### Version 2.3.0 (January 7, 2018)
* Deprecated `Parser#newParser` static factory methods in favor of the `Parser#create` static factory methods.
* Deprecated the internal `ConcourseParser` in favor of an implementation generated by the [`javacc`](https://javacc.org/) framework. This makes the parser more performant, stable and amenable to future enhancements.

#### Version 2.2.1
* Added additional date time formatters that may be used to transform a string into a number of microseconds from the unix epoch in the `NaturalLanguage#parseMicros` method.

#### Version 2.2.0
* Added support for traversing an `AbstractSyntaxTree` using the visitor pattern.
* Fixed bugs in the `AbstractSyntaxTree` generation for the `ConcourseParser`.

#### Version 2.1.0
* Added a `Parsing#toPostfixNotation` utility method that transforms a list of `Symbol`s into a `Queue` of `PostfixNotationSymbol`s.

#### Version 2.0.0
* Changed the `Parser` interface to maintain parsing state and expose instance methods instead of static functions.
* Fixed a bug that caused the Parser's analyzer to not correctly detect the keys being evaluated by a CCL statement.
